>> Brian Holt: So now we have a bundler,
we can do whatever we want, right?
Now we have more leeway to do things.
So the first thing I want to do
here is I want to split pet and
app into two different files, right?
I can't think of a reason why you would
not have one component, one file.
It's always that way.
You don't ever have two
components in a file.
I've not really seen a good
reason to do that before.
So one component, one file.
So I'm gonna show you a pretty cool
trick that VS Code can do for you.
So I'm gonna highlight this and
then I get this little light bulb here.
This light bulb is called a code action.
So I'm gonna click that and
there's a couple things here.
The one that I want is move,
you might not see all of these because
I have other extensions installed.
But the one that you wanna
do is move to a new file,
which all of you should see, right?
So click move to a new file.
And all the sudden I
have a new Pet.js file
which has an export in it, and
app is importing from that file.
It's pretty cool, right,
you like this, cool?
Okay, cool.
So what's really cool about it is,
it's actually TypeScript
that does that for you.
It's not VS Code.
TypeScript is actually
running on your code,
even though we're not writing
any TypeScript right now.
VS Code is constantly running
TypeScript against your code,
to understand how your code works.
And so
that's what's actually able to do that.
Now, I prefer default exports, so
I'm gonna change this to get rid of
those curly braces, and save that.
And then here, instead of saying,
export const Pet = blah, I'm gonna say
export default function blah like that.
And let's give this a name like so.
>> Brian Holt: Now why do I do that?
It's just kind of a pattern that
I had that the default export for
components is always the component.
I would say it's a decently
common pattern, but
I'll leave you to judge it for yourself.
>> Brian Holt: As far as changing it to
a named component, this is useful for
when you're debugging things.
Because if there's a stack trace,
you'll see pet has the error, which makes
that a little bit easier to debug later.
So now,
we have two different files, right?
We're importing pet from pet.
This should still work the way it should.
It does.
But now they're a little bit better
organized now that we have an app
component and
a pet component, and they're in separate
files and we can maintain them separately.
There's another commit point here, that if
you've fallen behind, you can go ahead and
come up to I think this commit.
Let's just take a look and
see what it's called.
It's right there.
>> Brian Holt: So this one is the add
Parcel, build process and extract out Pet
components so this is the one that
you'd want to move up to right now.
Okay and so we used Parcel.
I told you could use Webpack this
would 100% work with Webpack as well.
You could also use Browserify, which is
another great project for bundling code.
It still works really well despite
what other people might say.
It's a bit older, but
it still works great.
Or you could use Rollup as well.
Roll up is a bit more unwieldy
sometimes a little bit harder to use,
but works well, as well.
At this point,
now we've introduced a package.json so
if you're moving forward and
commit points in the course, make sure you
move forward in the commit, and then
you run npm install afterwards, right?
So if I come to my terminal here,
not this one, this one.
And I say,
if I moved forward in the commit,
I would have to say,
npm install, just like that.
And it's gonna go run and install
everything off of the npm registry.
You don't have to do this if you've been
following along, but just so you know,
make sure that you're always keeping
up with the npm installs as well.
Otherwise, things won't work.